let's play is sponsored by expressvpn
don't let hackers steal your financial
details secure your data at expressvpn
dot-com / let's play hey what's up dude
what is that oh we made this we've made
this at the office this is I put my face
on a dog it's a it's awful disgusting
you look like you look like at a hundred
year old man but I love the blue
eyebrows yes they look so good the way
that you're sure it's such it's such a
low-cut shirt you're wearing and your
neck your chin is like on your neck so
it looks like rolls of fat with a deep
v-neck all right so this is playpals
human fall flat there's a new ice level
that's not so new anymore yeah but we
never played it and we thought what
better times and now being stuck at home
to meet a lot of people thought play
balls got canceled it we just didn't
make it for months
yeah it turns out you can just uh just
not have time I guess yeah it just kept
getting pushed people were just like I
mean just announce it guys just tell me
it's over it'll never be over we'll do
it as a lot I don't care even if it's
not called play pals do whatever we want
oh [__] so we're back in the ice level
I'm dog man we got magic dev ice cubes
are cool I like that I like the back of
you it's just a nice plain dog it's a
dog I think we were in a rush I think I
think we didn't have a lot of time and I
just I just made a front and I Pig dog
um all right let's get these blocks over
yeah I need to climb these suckers
it's melt it's a fuzz about taking the
Sun Oh fun game keep it in the shadows
that's awesome mechanic this game always
surprises me and I love that every new
level has some new mechanic and there's
also even another new level that barely
is a week old from when we're shooting
this I guess it was like you know they
released a workshop so people can make
fan-made levels yeah and I guess they
had some kind of contest so it's
the winning level from the contest so
it's probably pretty good so we can
still do that next - you could just
climb mine item once it mine was bigger
so I thought I've done a bad job yeah
but you melted one already though so
this trick really I did a better job
yeah all right let's try and do the
whole level and not skip huge sections
like we always do if we do every time we
beat a level someone goes he has missed
this whole part we do that Aztec I think
we're just too good you know that's the
issue do you have to melt it yeah dude
I'm Zelda over here dude if we do this
level and and then the next level after
we it's like double not canceled oh yeah
what two videos so I melted it a little
bit we should try and flip it like oh
yeah sighs ah yeah well no it already is
there you go there you go just walk
through like movers soups oh there's a
bunch just a bunch of new games coming
out - there we go that we could play
yeah fortunately a bunch of them are
local
I wish shot delivery service videos did
I wish people watched him cuz that game
was fun yeah yeah and the whole game
just came out like the full release
those were just betas we should hop back
in did ya do it anyway and then in spite
and spite and then they won't watch that
one either and we'll go why did we do
this I like that I got up and I kicked
me ice cube oh yeah you did
there's a new switch game out called
good good ones or something good
something that people were like you
should play there's a bunch of puzzle
games it's there's ripe with played
games that do it promptly not filling we
got a chain dude this is oh oh we're
pullin do we have to like shades the
cube order so there's still got holes in
it there just got holes in it I don't
know let's try it I don't know what we
need it for so climb up here I'll have a
cheeky bug key monkey oh whoa you almost
got up there so do I need to pull I
don't really know you thing to do
I guessing well no I really don't even
need you to do that but I'm guessing
this is too got a bunch of oh that's a
shade that's the shading plank we got to
get the ice cube around we need but we
need the ice cube I assume we'll need it
all that ledge over there yeah it's fast
this wood so there's a lead to music
stopped it I'm sad I don't even I'm so
bad at this from home I don't know how
to get game audio and you in my
headphones I needed a I stole a mixer
off Jack's desk so that helps oh dude I
have both of you in my headphones and
they're on two different knobs so I can
adjust them to you I need to get a mixer
I need to like because it's just my name
higher computer yeah I'm a really bad
streamer right now that doesn't stream
like I don't count party streams I mean
like personally I don't do it I don't
actually do it on arty either somebody
else does it and I just play the game
well you've tried I've tried I've been
trying for a while dude it's hard I
guess I guess all we need to do is like
make one good block section Oh how's
that shadow looking down there that's
nice look at that cube shadow oh you're
doing there so the bridge is bring it
back I'll try to bridge this gap for
when we get here you're falling you're
falling you've fallen I have let me bend
this okay so I don't know which way we
need to go there's right there which we
just go there and back but then there's
also this one over here there's two
directions oh my god water that's water
we can't go that way
holy [__] that surprised me I thought
that was ice it looks it looks like ice
from up top I think what we have to do
is get yeah block here right well that
solves that that answers that question
with my death yeah
so this sides good okay we just need
that piece of wood that you destroyed
now do we need that for this part Oh for
the next no just to get to the other
side what you do with it where'd it go I
threw it in the ocean in hope that it
would run why didn't it respawn didn't
that's unfortunate well no didn't did
not all right well let's move it over
first god if we're gonna have to move
these damn things over all right shall I
be unblocked patrol and you'd be on
patrol you'd be on chain Patrol I'll be
on yank duty yeah well hopefully this is
far enough
okay that's not bad yeah just one good
shove it in there okay
that's pretty good all right are you
ready yeah oh look at this teamwork oh
I'm giving a little yanks I didn't want
to run away that's all I got okay so
I'll just rush it through you could try
doing a rush job yeah you want to push
an uphill felt to him rush yeah ready
yeah go that was good wasn't bad
that was an ultimate rush all right now
see I don't even know if I can move the
planks because that one that he dropped
was longer I don't know if these will
reach huh we could just try to shove
anit across without it but I think it
might melt too quickly I don't know
let's find out try did such a good job
on the first rush yeah oh oh yeah you
could always stand here with them and
offer some shadow I guess you don't even
need to stand here maybe I can just put
them on top of each other if I jump to
the other side mm-hmm we could probably
that's that one you've got it's long
enough I think to chain over are you
just gonna do it there yeah that works
yeah here once you grab it and then just
put it on top of your other one yeah oh
oh [__] oh oh [__] I'm a bad dog that's
not good now they're all down here I did
not think that was gonna happen okay new
plan we put them on top of the block
that what I don't know but instant shade
it's instant shade here let me grab the
other side oh you got it
got it you need me uh I'm just gonna try
a little bit I mean all right did you
fall in the water filler count again
I mean that's pretty that's pretty well
shaded that's a hat now the ice cubes
were in a hat all right so should we
give it a shove see if that works
yeah I mean I say just keep
let's let's move it a little bit cuz the
block is gonna fall off the woods gonna
fall off its gonna hit the beam okay and
just halt go straight back all right
ready yeah go
oh my god it works holy [__] that's all
that was amazing that was a great idea
yeah we just beat the game again like
like you know we outwitted it damn dude
do we need to build a ramp well we just
kind of good dogs are natural climbers
don't know if you knew that
oh yeah it's it's so weird seeing your
little kind of face come over the wall
Oh oooh this looks I think this part
might be dangerous is this what's all
this like we atmosphere we've got going
on now
I don't know listen to the rocks I can't
hear it sounds really cool it sounds
really cool I've not had gameplay do in
like three weeks
oh no Gavin I mean I'm recording it I'm
just not hearing it yeah well where is
your audio coming from where's my audio
coming from what computer the capture
computer didn't want you just unmute
Elgato because I don't know how to make
it not like a hundred thousand decibels
immediately I could uh meet it but I'm
saying because then you hear the
playback right yeah hold on oh it's so
loud never mind yeah never mind
lower your computer audio but then
you're gonna lower me yeah and I could
lower the game audio but then it's like
actually low recorded the whole thing
yeah okay well we tried a fight a mixer
what are you is this I was taking a
little bite of breakfast ie you know
what I've eaten today
it's a Jimmy Dean sausage and cheese
sandwich Oh Gavin are your arms stuck oh
I'm stuck Jesus well man was that name
in that movie 100 and yeah hundred hours
or 1728 days hundred no one days for
sure uh that's what it was except you
fared way better than that guy
you just went I got it yeah I just want
Ally and then I go back I was wondering
how we were gonna
and you figured it out before he even
asked the question how often your
holster stopped let go my paw I look
like some sort of like the r-mo del toro
creature he made Pan's Labyrinth yeah
and I don't know I don't know the shag
fish and all that stuff oh he did make
shag fish I've never seen that who said
it was good what an Oscar
yeah people said it was good that's
actually I missed I missed that jump
sexually a movie I've been wanting to
see and having seen him I should watch
that you know after I finally get around
to watching bloodshot blood I've been
talking about watching bloodshot for
about two weeks now and it's driving
Lindsey insane what's bloodshot it's
that really shitty looking Vin Diesel
movie that just came out it's like one
of those movies that just came out in
theaters but then you know you can't go
to the theaters anymore so they just put
them all on demand for like 20 bucks
you're holding my taint dude dude I've
dug by the Gooch Gooch dawg now that it
was like that scene in vertical limit
where he has to cut his dad away
otherwise they'll die is that like um oh
[__] that's the loan movie no it had
like uh Hooda have had like Robin from
Batman and Robin Oh Chris O'Donnell yeah
yeah dad what the [__] is the name
that's Stallone movie oh cool if I got
that movie its cliffhanger yeah it is
that's that's the original I'm gonna
have to cut you loose and then they
parody that an Ace Ventura - well he
didn't cut him loose she just slipped Oh
did did oh yeah she just slipped yeah
you're right and then right and then he
loses the raccoon yeah
because the raccoon slips right yeah
that's definitely the movie you just
said that already blacked out on
cliffhanger yeah was it yeah what are
you were you going are you going that
way Oh apparently not
oh I have to kill myself again I feel
like we took like ten minutes on that
section and it it was like a two-minute
section it is my back is snapped yeah I
saw that
so we're just jumping to the Little Rock
Oh
you've broken it you broken it but I've
made it you broke the chain and now a
ton broke what the hell ago lastic
that's a bungee cord I had no idea how
this little village over here do this is
not hey Mike go catch me you've cleared
me by a lot oh look snowman it's Olaf
dude it's just guys get that [__] hat
off there Olaf don't wear no hat ah do
giant blowing up you killed Josh gasps
oh whoa no man he's like in everything
yeah I remember seeing them on some My
Damn Channel stuff where he played some
foreign dude and then he became like a
real famous person it was crazy yeah I
mean he got the double whammy for Disney
- he got Olaf and then he was a little
[__] in Beauty and the Beast cuz
Don's little dude didn't see that yeah
he's like the little dude that's always
just trying to blow Gaston like it's
like his hench Ling which is crazy cuz
that's a live-action movie and I would
say far more famous for being a [__]
snowman I think people know way more
frozen than the live-action remake of
feeding the Beast and Booker Bowman and
[__] yeah and now he's in that he's in
that HBO show with Hugh Laurie what do
we have to
we spin this to take the ice it's a it's
a weight sure Ken so we have to put ice
on it so we can climb up
oh I we have to the ice has to melt and
then it will lower or something
definitely or something you're on the
right track come on okay and then but
then wait oh oh the ice should be in the
probably the shadow part
dude that snowman's head exploded look
at it you will you ripped it off yeah
okay I don't know what we're going for
here but it's got a little bit of weight
like barely any weight look at it it's
flat like a like a slice of cheese now
looks like iced tea I wonder if we have
to melt it to the point where it's a
counterweight but and then stop it
melting and then I wonder if we climb on
this and then we jump up is that how
we'd get up like I'm I have to weigh
more than this right I guess not Oh cuz
you're standing on it probably yeah if
you weren't standing on it I bet that
would've worked see this we just broke
the game again like I could just run
ahead and we'll get a checkpoint we did
it the power of two charm says you need
three but you don't usually - why don't
you won't you pull the ice off well I
wanted to go up there yeah but you
should but like you can climb where I
climbed right like you use we need to do
is way that side down what you should do
is melt that ice and hopefully another
one responds well there is another ice
no I know but we're using that ice as a
platform if if that one responds then
you put a heavy block try and get try
and drag that over to the shadow real
quick okay there you go
you put the heavy block on it and then
you leave this other block as a platform
to climb on top of the highway one yeah
which is what I did but it only worked I
think cuz you were standing on who I was
the block yes
so we could probably do it one at a time
like this I'll be honest I thought that
would be cooler I thought we'd have to
like time the melt and we would get
ready man I mean it might be we just
outsmarted very smart there you go
that's that's gotta be heavy enough yeah
now just push that over little bow
satisfying stupid dog face what don't
laugh at me dude shudders got wind is
come on it's it's just flapping oh
you're opening it I'm trying to close
this try to get in should I stop stop
trying to climb that foot up being a
[Laughter]
being a dude okay Oh skis well those I
guess yeah they definitely look like
snowboards oh the biggest ski the
thickest skis I've ever seen a mile in
my life you're used to snowboards and
skis and be honest I bet you CAD in this
oh dude gotta hit the ramps far left and
far right or ramps well you're like
locked in oh yeah get your damn foot in
how do you go though oh that's how you
break have Fords no yeah you like you go
sideways like yeah but usually you leap
backwards oh oh ooh oh I'm going so fast
always made it I'm not gonna make it dog
although I'm a dog here we go should we
go oh no I'm tumbling [__] it's not good
here we go oh [__]
[Music]
where are you Oh
slidin how do you take these damn things
off are we stuck in these Naga the best
angle of you good straight over that
hole like how do you take them off we
might have to like rip them off each
other's feet help where are you would
you do I can't see you I just realized
dude this would be the first time this
isn't split-screen ah oh yeah I can't
see you for one look look down no I have
to come back which means I'm gonna fall
- hang on oh I got it off I got it off
how'd you pop it off you just got to rip
it off and got to grab it with your own
hands oh yeah
oh we have to do this there's a wizard
stuck in a cliff
oh do I come back with the oh I'm good
I'm gonna start over here okay oh all
right thanks oh now we've got a screw
yeah we just screw off I'll grab this
side dude that was the best at
snowboarding section it was brief but it
was great I'll go this way
go left I mean this is surely not how
which way you goin you gonna left or
right oh I just don't understand the
physics of it I don't understand either
oh it's the floor underneath us is loose
I thought the the handle is gonna spin
guides that okay alright phase two all
right
bricks chimneys this is this looks like
a training ground for Santa it looks
like yeah or the tutorial of a game
alright okay so
we could weigh that down with that box
now what what does this one do where's
this one connected oh that goes to what
on the other side okay so so we should
probably lower this one yeah and weigh
this down with this box heavy enough it
doesn't look heavy enough you're right
but maybe that's all we need only one
way to find out
all right that's sort of on there seems
to be heavy enough yeah oh it's not it's
not oh it's killing you go go go go go
go Oh No
did you wait just wait there I might be
able to get you okay okay
here can you grab my leg hang on yep
grab my leg with your left pull up and
then try and grab me with your left arm
oh you've lowered yourself I don't think
it's gonna happen you were in a great
position and then you weren't
okay okay try it again but I'll be here
as a safety make it oh my god oh man oh
no we didn't weigh down the other one
how do we do that uh-oh maybe we can
throw something down oh wait no that's a
toe plank over here we well well where
did that where was the other one oh it's
way over there hmm hmm the box in this
house
why don't you get me on yeah let's weigh
this first one down okay and then we can
get up to that plank
okay so you want this one yeah okay done
oh it's a big plank no reason to jump on
that are you ripping my fur off we might
need to go for that good [__] get up
there oh you had it yeah just get your
left arm up there day you got it all
right grab my hand grab by something I'm
doing it I'm getting higher how am I
stand up again oh this damn windowsills
in the way Oh Kevin Kevin no there's so
many just like bumps on this pull me up
pull me up pull me up pull me up pull me
up stop stop stop
okay okay oh thanks
excellent it was good no what the hell
where are we going I don't know where we
want to go I just was trying to get to
the trunk no I got that and and there's
nowhere to go from here so we take the
plank down but what the hell are we
doing with the plank oh I guess we need
to go up there like straight behind us
where I got the the box from like up we
got a ray at that thing and then go up
on that ledge probably yeah man let's
just take this
what we're doing with it but we got it
that's cool
oh maybe we use this to get on the roof
Oh your cat's loud pissed
no what's going on that we having a
scrap Oh scrappy damn how the hell do we
get that up there
uh-oh although I feel like we don't even
need that we could just jump from here
yeah but that's only because I'm
weighing down Jesus well what we can do
is we take this box off
yeah put it on there like this on the
other one and then we just use the ramp
to just make like a little bridge and
then I guess we'll fart around up there
so we taking the plank up there with us
well I think we just used a plank to get
up there right but we could just jump up
that I mean I know that's what I just
said oh I just I don't know what else
it's for we certainly can just do this
and now we're here so I don't know why
we got the plank to begin with yeah I'm
not sure maybe it was to bridge these
two but then you could just same thing
we just we need to way down oh wait
maybe it's to bridge the bottom so we
can bring the box from the bottom up top
okay because or not even up top but so
we can you here's what we do okay we
lower this ramp so we can get up and
down then we move that crate from that
one to the other one that'll raise the
one on the roof although just don't know
that this is long enough I feel like
this is just gonna fall I fallen are you
holding the plank I'm holding the plane
right I'll pull the plane just figuring
out where we need to Oh
here pull the pull me up yeah let's try
putting it over here we can probably lay
it on that brick the Santa chimney
like this this one the one that doesn't
move you stay up here okay to make sure
the whole thing doesn't fall down
because then we're kind of screwed I
think then we'll just have to cheat okay
try pushing it to me the plank yeah okay
but like hold on to it let me let me
know how far you can go before you're
gonna fall off the edge with it I'm
kidding I'm not two feet from the edge
okay keep going I got it
okay I'm getting crushed all right now
let me just lower it trying to go over
the box with it I'm just trying to put
it straight down but not have it I can't
let go I think we did it whoo okay so
then we need to take the box off yeah so
now we take the box off and we put it on
this other one okay and then that'll put
the one up top up on the roof right
oh that looks sketchy what the plank
yeah yeah okay well I got to do is make
it back up I think that's what the plank
was for in order to get back up okay
maybe that's what we're using it for it
Oh should I hold it dogs have excellent
balance that was actually very good
excellent oh look at that work perfect I
feel like I'm Harrison Ford and you're
the dog okay I feel like I'm Sean
Connery in your Harrison Ford and I
named you after the dog but I'm also the
dog well what's the new movie with this
dog I don't know yeah it's like him and
a dog oh really you talking about
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull or another
one no oh you're talking about Harrison
Ford not Indiana Jones gotcha
I just assumed you meant Indiana Jones
because he was named after the dog yeah
that's I yeah it's
you got to give me something I can't
grab you throw me an arm or something
well every time you do that you fall
down oh there you go I got you
oh I don't I'm holding nope not at all
what if you fall
yeah ex here we go oh [__] let's go off
okay I fell backwards [__] get up get up
dog oh my oh [__] my head oh my god yeah
oh no I'll never love this game and all
of those mishaps occur because I'm too
impatient to wait for the box to come
back up like I could absolutely make it
if I just wait oh yeah okay oh dude we
made it up here it's this pot sticks and
[__] sticks and [__] this one also this
might be a two part play box we don't
know
[Music]
oh no no wait wait wait we're we we
became so stupid
we just wasted 15 minutes son of a [__]
all right drop you beat me over there
Sun Oven
[Music]